"Bart Cassidy","4","Each time he loses a life point, he immediately draws a card from the deck."
"Black Jack","4","During phase 1 of his turn, he must show the second card he draws; on Hearts or Diamonds, he draws one additional card that turn (without revealing it)."
"Calamity Janet","4","She can use Bang! cards as Missed! cards and vice versa. She is still subject to Bang! limitations: If she plays a Missed! card as a Bang!, she cannot play another Bang! card that turn (unless she has a Volcanic in play)."
"El Gringo","3","Each time he loses a life point due to a card played by another player, Gringo draws a random card from the hand of that player (one card for each life), unless he has no more hand cards."
"Jesse Jones","4","During phase 1 of his turn, he may choose to draw the first card from the deck, or randomly from the hand of any other player. Then he draws the second card from the deck."
"Jourdonnais","4","He is considered to have a Barrel in play at all times; he can Draw! when he is the target of a Bang!, and on a Heart he is missed. If he has an actual Barrel card in play, he can count both of them, giving him two chances to cancel the Bang! before playing a Missed!"
"Kit Carlson","4","During the phase 1 of his turn, he looks at the top three cards of the deck: he chooses 2 to draw, and puts the other one back on the top of the deck, face down."
"Lucky Duke","3","Each time he is required to Draw!, he flips the top two cards from the deck, and chooses the result he prefers. Discard both cards afterward."
"Paul Regret","4","He is considered to have a Mustang in play at all times; all other players must add 1 to the distance to him. If he has an actual Mustang card in play, he can count both of them, increasing all distance to him by a total of 2."
"Pedro Ramirez","4","During phase 1 of his turn, he may choose to draw the first card from the top of the discard pile or from the deck. Then he draws the second card from the deck."
"Rose Doolan","4","She is considered to have a Scope in play at all times; she sees the other players at a distance decreased by 1. If she has an actual Scope card in play, she can count both of them, reducing her distance to all other players by a total of 2."
"Sid Ketchum","4","At any time, he may discard 2 cards from his hand to regain one life point. If he is willing and able to, he can use this ability more than once at a time."
"Slab the Killer","4","Players trying to cancel his Bang! cards need to play 2 Missed!. The Barrel effect, if successfully used, only counts as one Missed!"
"Suzy Lafayette","4","Each time she has no cards in her hand, she instantly draws a card from the draw pile."
"Vulture Sam","4","Each time another player is eliminated, Sam takes all the cards that player had in his hand and in play, and adds them to his hand."
"Willy the Kid","4","During his turn, he can play any number of Bang! cards."

